Some cmake info about Ninja and clang-format (#1397)
neuronsimulator/nrn: docs/cmake_doc/options.rst

  Custom and Fast depend on specific compilers and (super)computers and are tailored to those
  machines. See ``nrn/cmake/ReleaseDebugAutoFlags.cmake``

> Ninja
> -----
>   Use Ninja as the 'make' executable. ('make' is the default 'make' executable.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ninja
-----
  Use the Ninja build system ('make' is the default 'CMake' build system).
```
